#	Set 2

_Question 1)_	Which king started the organization of Kumbh fair at Allahabad?

1.	Birbal

1.	Narshimhvarman

1.	Sultan ali

1.	Dhruvasena Ii




_Question 2)_	The eighth-century tripartite power struggle was among which of the following?

1.	Pallavas and Yadavas

1.	Rastrakutas and Yadavas

1.	Pandyas and Chalukyas

1.	Pallavas and Rashtrakutas




_Question 3)_	On which of the following systems of Hindu Philosophy , Shankaracharya wrote commentary in 9th century AD?

1.	Ritusamhara

1.	Sankhya

1.	Vaisheshika

1.	Yoga




_Question 4)_	Which among the following Kavya of Sanskrit, deal with court intrigues & access to power of Chandragupta Maurya?

1.	Shankaracharya

1.	Vaisheshika

1.	Kumarasambhava

1.	Uttarmimansa




_Question 5)_	What is a shift register that will accept a parallel input and can shift data left or right called?

1.	end around

1.	Parallel in Serial Out

1.	tri-state

1.	bi-state




_Question 6)_	Who among the following was worshipped during Early Vedic Civilization?

1.	Tree

1.	All the above

1.	Surya

1.	water




_Question 7)_	Which of the following statement is wrong?

1.	Ashoka the great Mauryan king died in 332 BC

1.	Ashoka the great Mauryan king died in 129 BC

1.	Chandragupta Maurya earned the title of the Liberator

1.	Ashoka invaded the kalinga in 261 BC




_Question 8)_	Upnishads are books on :

1.	Politics

1.	Phisiology

1.	Medicine

1.	Philosophy




_Question 9)_	Which among the following is a place in Larkana district of Sind province in Pakistan?

1.	islamabad

1.	Alamgirpur

1.	Harappa

1.	Mohenjo




_Question 10)_	Which is the only number that cannot be used as a divisor?

	Ans:




_Question 11)_	Which bar graph shows data in intervals?

	Ans:




_Question 12)_	What is an algebraic expression with one term called?

	Ans:




_Question 13)_	Which microbe carries malaria?

	Ans:




