#	Set 1

_Question 1)_	Who was the main male God worshipped by Indus people?

1.	Indra

1.	Brahma

1.	Lord Vishnu

1.	Water




_Question 2)_	What led to the end of Indus Valley Civilization?

1.	All the above

1.	Recurrent Floods

1.	Tsunami

1.	Invasion of Aryans




_Question 3)_	Name the process which converts sugar into alcohol by yeast.

	Ans:




_Question 4)_	What is an algebraic expression with one term called?

	Ans:




#	Set 1

_Question 1)_	Which among the following is a place in Larkana district of Sind province in Pakistan?

1.	islamabad

1.	Rangapur

1.	Harappa

1.	Alamgirpur




_Question 2)_	Where were the hymns of Rigveda composed?

1.	Uttar Pradesh

1.	haryana

1.	Telangana

1.	Gujarat




_Question 3)_	Name the process which converts sugar into alcohol by yeast.

	Ans:




_Question 4)_	Which is the only number that cannot be used as a divisor?

	Ans:




#	Set 1

_Question 1)_	Which among the following is not correct?

1.	Capital of the Videha Kingdom – Mithila

1.	Capital of Gahadwal Dynasty – Kannauj

1.	The capital of Cheras was Vanchi

1.	The capital of pandyas was Madurai




_Question 2)_	The eighth-century tripartite power struggle was among which of the following?

1.	Pallavas and Yadavas

1.	Rastrakutas and Yadavas

1.	Pallavas and Pandyas

1.	Pallavas and Rashtrakutas




_Question 3)_	On which of the following systems of Hindu Philosophy , Shankaracharya wrote commentary in 9th century AD?

1.	Yoga

1.	Sankhya

1.	Vaisheshika

1.	Ritusamhara




_Question 4)_	Which among the following Kavya of Sanskrit, deal with court intrigues & access to power of Chandragupta Maurya?

1.	Mrichhakatika

1.	Mudrarakshahsa

1.	Shankaracharya

1.	Kumarasambhava




_Question 5)_	What is a shift register that will accept a parallel input and can shift data left or right called?

1.	tri-state

1.	Parallel in Serial Out

1.	end around

1.	bidirectional universal




_Question 6)_	Who among the following was worshipped during Early Vedic Civilization?

1.	water

1.	All the above

1.	Varuna

1.	Surya




_Question 7)_	Who was the first Indian ruler who had territory outside India?

1.	Ashoka

1.	Chandragupta Maurya

1.	Kanishka

1.	Huvishka




_Question 8)_	Upnishads are books on :

1.	Phisiology

1.	Medicine

1.	civics

1.	ethics




_Question 9)_	Which among the following is a place in Larkana district of Sind province in Pakistan?

1.	daro

1.	islamabad

1.	Harappa

1.	Rangapur




_Question 10)_	Which is the only number that cannot be used as a divisor?

	Ans:




_Question 11)_	Which bar graph shows data in intervals?

	Ans:




_Question 12)_	What is an algebraic expression with one term called?

	Ans:




_Question 13)_	Which country has the most number of golf courses in the world?

	Ans:




